Added content for Nodejs to keep app running prod along with blog links (#2338)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/113-nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/readme.md

> # Nodejs keep app running prod
> PM2 lets you run your nodejs scripts forever. In the event that your application crashes, PM2 will also restart it for you.
> Install PM2 globally to manager your nodejs instances
> npm install pm2 -g
> Navigate to the directory in which your nodejs script resides and run the following command each time you want to start a nodejs instance to be monitored by pm2:
> pm2 start server.js --name "app1"
> 
> Useful commands for monitoring the process
> Stop a particular nodejs instance `pm2 stop `
> Delete a particular nodejs instance `pm2 delete `
> Restart a particular nodejs instance `pm2 restart `
> Monitoring all nodejs instances `pm2 monit`
> Stop pm2 `pm2 kill`
> As opposed to restart, which kills and restarts the process, reload achieves a 0-second-downtime reload `pm2 reload `
> View logs `pm2 logs `
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Website' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://devtut.github.io/nodejs/keep-a-node-application-constantly-running.html#use-pm2-as-a-process-manager'>Keep a node application constantly running</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Keep your app running in Production

PM2 lets you run your nodejs scripts forever. In the event that your application crashes, PM2 will also restart it for you.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Website' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://devtut.github.io/nodejs/keep-a-node-application-constantly-running.html#use-pm2-as-a-process-manager'>Keep a node application constantly running</BadgeLink>
```
